doc: Update structure & Add new commands (#150)
arista-netdevops-community/network-test-automation: docs/cli/nrfu.md

# Execute NRFU testing

> All the NRFU testing commands are placed under `anta nrfu` and provides different rendering options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the NRFU testing commands are placed under `anta nrfu` and provide different rendering options:
```

- A list of tags if they are part of your inventory (`--tags`). List is comma separated

## NRFU with text rendering

This rendering is a pure text report for every test run on all devices. It comes with some options:

- Search (`--search`) for a regexp pattern in hostname and test name
- Option to skip (`--skip-error`) tests in error (not failure) because of a connectivity issue or unsupported command

Example output

```bash
$ anta nrfu text --tags pod1 --catalog nrfu/leaf.yml
leaf2 :: verify_mlag_status :: SUCCESS
leaf2 :: verify_mlag_interfaces :: SUCCESS
leaf2 :: verify_mlag_config_sanity :: SUCCESS
leaf2 :: verify_interface_utilization :: SUCCESS
leaf2 :: verify_interface_errors :: SUCCESS
leaf2 :: verify_interface_discards :: SUCCESS
leaf2 :: verify_interface_errdisabled :: SUCCESS
leaf2 :: verify_interfaces_status :: SUCCESS
leaf2 :: verify_storm_control_drops :: SKIPPED (verify_storm_control_drops test is not supported on cEOSLab.)
leaf2 :: verify_portchannels :: SUCCESS
leaf2 :: verify_illegal_lacp :: SUCCESS
leaf2 :: verify_loopback_count :: FAILURE (Found 3 Loopbacks when expecting 2)
leaf2 :: verify_svi :: SUCCESS
[...]
```

## NRFU with table report

> This rendering print results in a nice table suppoting grep filtering. It comes with its own set of options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rendering prints results in a nice table supporting grep filtering. It comes with its own set of options:
```

> - Search (`--search`) for a pattern in hostname and test name.

Reviewer: in the `text` section you mention `regex` and here `pattern` for the `search` option, is it the same?

Author: Yes it is the same. If not clear I can change `regex` by `regex pattern`
